---
{"dg-publish":true,"dg-permalink":"sesh/10.5","permalink":"/sesh/10.5/","tags":["inbox"]}
---

# I Blade You Farewell Pt.2
## summary:
...

---

## log:
Emile, Julierose, and Orpheus head to Western Riverbed through the well. Julierose and Orpheus have trouble scaling the rope, but overcome it.

There's a commotion in the courtyard. Orpheus leaves Salem with the other two and investigates. He spots an odd black cloth--similar to what we've seen before. In the courtyard, an execution is happening. A black-haired dwarf is the subject.

*"... and thus, with the introduction of the heretics from before, we found the culprit!"*

The dwarf is the very same one that gave us shelter during the first prayer.

The GM claims [[2. Mysteries/Father Jonathan\|Father Jonathan]] has given guidance to weed out the heretics.

The dwarf is hanged.

Julierose and Emile have an easy walk to the abandoned hut Idane Rumblegrove is hiding in. She looks very pale and haggard, unrested, but alive. Is informed Lori Nadril has fetched for her. She agrees, isn't confident she can make it. Shaylee and Casper agree to come along.

Emile, Idane, Casper, and Shaylee make it safely down the well. Before descending, Idane gives Julierose an item. Gnarled twisted root, inlaid with a golden script.

Orpheus attempts to steal away the dwarf's body, with the help of Julierose. Orpheus exercises his new warlock powers, which exhilarates and shakes him.

Orpheus and Julierose escape down the well with the dwarf's body.

Bast and Synadriel search for Ennui using Detect Magic. We find him disguised as a big-bosomed lady (lol) selling charcoal sketches at the Feasting Fields. We take our conversation somewhere private.

Bast and Synadriel convince Ennui (using intimidation,) to stand in for Jian'lashen for a few days using his disguise ability--which turns out to be an (uncomfortable) enchanted mask. (Also Ennui isn't really married.)

- Where might someone find strong bodies to use as champions?
	- Rapid Rascal (a cat house) where former champions tend to hang about.
	- Hearts Cell, a place people work.
	- Feasting Field, lots of types hang around there.

- **Bear Shopping:** (Welded Hammer, plus some general stores.)
	- hunting trap, two manacles - 7sp
	- 2 catch poles - 1sp
	- 10 toxin vials - 1sp 60cp
	- sturdy muzzle - 20cp
	- hire unnamed muscle - 1sp per day
	- 2 big fat salmon - 5cp

