---
{"dg-publish":true,"dg-permalink":"sesh/2022-10-30","permalink":"/sesh/2022-10-30/","dgHomeLink":true,"dgPassFrontmatter":false}
---

# Brick by Brick
## summary:
...

---

## log:
Julie & Emile head deeper into [[3. Locations/Buildings-Landmarks/The Brick|The Brick]]. 
They both fall under some kind of enchantment and succumb to The Brick.

[[2. Mysteries/Father Jonathan|Father Jonathan]] orders for the capture (or killing) of Bast, Orpheus, and Syn. A fight breaks out with villagers and guards chasing.

Orpheus tells us to help the Red Knights heading to The Brick we saw before--reportedly from Fort Joy (?) *We enter combat.*

##### Combat Cliffnotes
- Orpheus gets the attention of the Red Knights, who seem to be allies.
- Red Knights return Orpheus' satchel (in a sweet toss).
- Orpheus tells us to go South (q_q)
- Bast has people eaten by fucking spiders.

##### The Brick (In Tandem to Combat)
- Julierose feeds a fuzzy rabbit some rations (left hand).
- Emile imagines his paradise is with Cassidy and takes her hand (right hand).
- Emile wakes up... without a **right hand** or **both feet**. (Q_Q)
- Julierose is missing a **left hand**.
- Emile dispatches the butcher and wakes Julierose.
- They recover their things, Julierose carries Emile upstairs (through some kind of freezer with 'meat cuts')

The gang is reunited. Synadriel heals Emile's leg stumps (crying) to prevent major blood loss. Half the party fends off guards while the rest run. Eventually we all jump down a well together, heading South.

The well is dotted with air pockets. Takes 20 minutes to move through.

Cavern is at the end of the tunnel. An encampment is here (several banners, tents, swords,) dark clothes, dark cloaks, no identifying marks. 15-20 people. They relax when they see the two Red Knights breech.

[[Lori Drill|Lori Drill]], 'leader' of the [[Hidden Blade|Hidden Blade]], greets us. (Description: thick black hair, gold bands, somewhat ornately dressed. Dignified air.) (Formerly a senator. Claims not to lead the Hidden Blade, *"You cannot will steel."*)

Orpheus and Bast join Drill for a chat. 
- The [[Hidden Blade|Hidden Blade]] remembers [[4. World/Dieties/Ilmater|Ilmater]]'s greatness. Drill wants to kill [[Kaiser|Kaiser]], the leader of Eastern Riverbed. They seek to remove the false prophets.
- Bast divulges the false prophets worship a [[4. World/Historical Figures/Jalanvaloss|Silver Dragon]].
	- Drill does not believe this, but believes the group share a common goal.
- Drill extends an offer to join the cause.

Bast briefly exits but listens in.
- Orpheus pledges allegance. 
- Asks for things necessary to restore limbs. Is referred to Drill's daughter [[Nora Drill|Nora]].

Emile and Julierose are being tended to, Syn stays with them.
- [[Nora Drill|Nora Drill]] attends to their wounds.
- Options to restore limbs:
- Make a deal (risky)
	- **Otherworldly Patronage:** possibly with a deal, or something else
	- deal with *"whoever answers your call"*
	- needs to be at a crossroads in the black of night
- Get dirty
- Magical restoration (difficult, expensive)
	- about 5 gold
		- need to find someone with the gems on hand, won't be easy
	- Emile has: 999 silver
- Smithy for prosthetics (need something in return, don't deal with gold)
	- **Automail:** takes time and physical therapy. needs regular upkeep.
- Primal substitute (requires research)
	- **Elemental Substitute:** requires primal magic, very occult and hidden
- Carver for wood prosthetics

Orpheus and Bast rejoin the 3 being tended to, briefly talks with Nora.

- [[Zarrow Swiftsong|Zarrow Swiftsong]] hands out the cloaks.

To help gather appendages for our friends, we are given assassination targets to be eliminated on behalf of the [[Hidden Blade|Hidden Blade]].
- Targets to be eliminated:
	- Ferro Clacks
	- Adaine Blanche
	- Xan Jian'lashen
	- Jon Oro
- Places to find targets:
	- Feasting Field
	- Hearts Cell
	- Kaiser's Colosseum


