---
{"dg-publish":true,"dg-permalink":"sesh/2022-10-23","permalink":"/sesh/2022-10-23/","dgHomeLink":true,"dgPassFrontmatter":false}
---

# Title
## summary:
...

---

## log:
Bast, Syn, Emile do reconnaissance at the bridge attaching East and West Riverbed and the [[3. Locations/Buildings-Landmarks/Giant Mouse Statue of Ilmater|Mouse Statue]]. Bast and Syn pretend to be lovers on a night walk as a cover.

*"We're under strict orders from both [[2. Mysteries/Father Jonathan|Father Jonathan]] and [[Kaiser|Kaiser]]."*

Bast's familiar sneaks into the [[3. Locations/Buildings-Landmarks/Giant Mouse Statue of Ilmater|Mouse Statue]].
- Insides are lined with eggs and a pulsing fleshy membrane.
- Bottom center is circled by cages.
- Center of cages is a deep, red sigil, similar to the lizardfolk tunnel in Azmarin Village.

Julierose heads to the Father's Court--looking for Bast, Syn, and Emile--and sees a dark cloth hanging over a shabby hut.
- Seems to grow (to the size of a shirt.)
- Small white light glows beneath the cloth.
- Shoots away when Julierose takes a step closer.
- Went towards the river (the bridge).

Julierose meets up with the rest of the party and says Orpheus might be in trouble.

According to Julierose: Orpheus told a mirror in the inn that we had gemstone scales, Julierose heard footsteps coming upstairs, Orpheus shoves her out of a window, then closes the window.
- The mirror also had a crystal inlaid into it. It appears to light up when it's "in use," though we're not exactly sure what that entails.
- Seems the troops mobilized quickly.

 The group (Syn) briefly ponder leaving Orpheus behind, but is quickly reminded about Julierose's contract with him and what fate she may befall if something happens to ~~the fool~~ our companion.

Heading back to the inn, we see [[1. Characters/NPCs/Aelyn the Innskeeper|Aelyn the Innskeeper]] being dragged away by guards.

Inside the inn: the main lobby is ransacked with a crudely made dagger lying on the ground (not taken). The upstairs rooms are *not tossed*, however any personal belongings have been taken, like Syn's cloak. **According to Julierose:** *The mirror Orpheus was examining has also been taken.* The group theorizes either Orpheus took it or the guards did. We think it's likely Orpheus was taken *because* the room he and Julierose were reportedly in had not been tossed, meaning the guards didn't have to *search* for him. Bast suspects the Brick is a prison of some kind and the most likely place Orpheus has been taken.

Outside the inn, our cart and horse Meadow is in fine condition, no *apparent* tampering. However personal items have, again, been taken. Adventuring gear--or things of value--have been left alone.

The group takes the cart and horse into a back alley for safe keeping.

Emile spots a small shadowy figure in the darkness, beckoning for him. *"Pssst. Pssst."* Emile, Julierose, and Syn follow it. Partway through Emile stops and heads back to the cart with Bast.

Syn and Julie chase after a small child to the hut the cloth was hanging over prior.
Bast and Emile stay behind with the cart.

Within the shabby hut:
- 2 small children, the one we followed and a small half-orc boy
	- Shaylee - small human girl
	- Casper - half (tidal) orc boy
- a halfling wearing a cloak, lying on the floor
	- cloak has a sigil similar to the one on Marigold's cloak
		- likely from the [[Court of Aspirant|Court of Aspirant]]
	- [[Idane Rumblegrove|Idane Rumblegrove]] - ArchMage of Riverbed

Idane's warning:
- Darkness brewing, God in ruins, a false prophet taken over
	- God in ruins: likely referencing Ilmator's fall
	- False prophet: Father Jonathan
- Father Jonathan has a partner, someone of "pure greed"
- This "partner" has shriveled Idane's hand and arm for their "dark work"
	- Idane's arm shows signs of frostbite.
	- Later we learn Idane went into the [[3. Locations/Buildings-Landmarks/Giant Mouse Statue of Ilmater|Giant Mouse Statue of Ilmater]] to [stop the dark work being conducted] #unsure - Failing to do so, she tried to save as many as she could. She escaped with the two small children and a badly frostbitten arm.
- No matter what, we must never enter The Brick.

The children are sent away to fetch some water. Idane nearly passes. Julierose resuscitates her (NAT20 let's fucking go.)

To save her, Syn and Julierose cut off Idane's arm. It's a brutal, bloody affair, but *Idane survives.* The children return shortly after, traumatized but understanding...

Emile, having followed the children, reunites with Julierose and Syn (walking in on a gory scene and being understandably confused by it.) He's put to work helping clean up the blood.

*Meanwhile, at the cart...*

Zombie Salem (a horribly mangled, 'incomplete' Salem) visits Bast in the cart, presumably looking for the rest of the party.

Bast destroys zombie Salem. Tries to rip the gemstone from it's forehead (successfully but also unsuccessfully, Salem poofs.)

Bast hides the cart in the wilderness.

Bast transforms into a rat, uses keen smell to locate the others (noting Syn's particular perfume 😏), breaks Wild Shape, enters the hut. She's brought to speed on what happened with the halfling woman and we head out into the wilderness to speak with the dragons.

We converse with [[Myrthe The Emerald|Myrthe The Emerald]]. We only have time for one question.
- "How do we save Orpheus?"
	- *To save Orpheus, you need to strike when the sun touches the hills. Where the flames below lick the brick. And when the red steel is stained with their own.*

We ask Idane a few questions. 
- [[3. Locations/Buildings-Landmarks/The Brick|The Brick]]:
	- "No one who enters the Brick comes out the same."
- [[4. World/Historical Figures/Jalanvaloss|Jalanvaloss]]:
	- **Likes Human Cuisine.** (Insert *Oh God Soylent Green Is People* joke.)
	- ***"Do not eat the food."*** (Bast ate the food. She thought it tasted fine...)

Casper says he's seen people carrying wood into The Brick. (*Where the flames below lick the brick*.) We ask him to take us in that direction.

*Meanwhile, with Orpheus...*

Orpheus has been kept in the Brick.

Orpheus is taken to meet with Father Jonathan in the [[3. Locations/Buildings-Landmarks/Church of the Father|Church of the Father]].
- There is a large *dodecahedron* in the upper keep. [Exterior design is fuzzy.] #unsure 
	- It opens up "like the wings of a butterfly unfolding for the first time."
	- Inside is lined with mirrors upon mirrors. Father Jonathan emerges from within.

Orpheus is offered to eat with Papa John. They have... Papa John's pizza. (It's a new fad! And tragically mid. Orpheus doesn't like it. He also eats it with a knife and fork.)

Father Jonathan briefly interrogates Orpheus.
- "What is a gemstone dragon?"
	- "A being not unlike a metallic or chromatic dragon. They live on another plane."
- Orpheus says the gemstone scales are proof of "their eventual return".
- Asks if Orpheus thinks he's more powerful, then demonstrates the "gifts" he's been given.

The Father Jonathan sitting opposite of Orpheus collapses in a heap, revealed to be a skeleton being puppeted. The real Father Jonathan comes down from the ceiling.
- He is a massive man. (Mechanically, nearly reaching the "Large" category.)
- Holds the same staff as [[2. Mysteries/'Ghostly' Figure|'Ghostly' Figure]]. *Likely one in the same.*
- Seems to wield ice powers.
- Seems to crave power and control, with no care for free will. *Likely the partner of "pure greed" Idane mentioned.*

Orpheus makes a run for the window, just barely avoiding Father Jonathan's *hold person*.

*Meanwhile, with the rest of the gang...*

At the lumberyard, people are being paid a copper to ferry wood to The Brick. Emile and Julierose get in line. They are handed a slip of paper reading: Alolan Shalofo.

At the Brick, Emile is turned away (likely for being too lanky.) Julierose is offered another copper to ferry wood *inside* of the Brick (likely for being too juicy.) Emile attempts to follow her inside with an *Invisibility* spell, but it propelled away. He drops the spell and runs in after her anyway.

Inside the Brick are rows and rows of jail cells, many of them quiet. [[1. Characters/NPCs/Aelyn the Innskeeper|Aelyn the Innskeeper]] is seen down here, eyes wide and unresponsive. (We later learn she's fricken dead as hell.) They get deeper inside, where it gets hotter and hotter...

Outside of the Brick: as dawn approaches, Syn and Bast spot two bloodied, limping guards coming from the Bridge and towards the Brick. *They wear red steel armor, covered with what seems to be their own blood.* A minute later, the two hear a loud crash.

Orpheus falls from the top of the [[3. Locations/Buildings-Landmarks/Church of the Father|Church of the Father]]. With quick thinking, Bast casts *Entaglement* on the side of the building to slow down Orpheus' fall, and Syn races to catch him just in time. (Bridal style!)

From the broken window, Father Jonathan points down at all three of us and shouts: *"Heretics! Heretics!"*

## post-session notes

Later we learned about Orpheus' stay in the Brick.

Apparently, having learned blood magic was a thing, he *mindspiked* the poor prisoners in neighboring cells, then used *shape water* to collect their fucking blood. (Mikey says he headcanons that Aelyn took 3 whole mindspikes to kill. Wow! He also says the prisoners were in super bad shape anyway, *nevermind Aelyn was perfectly healthy at the time.* qwq)

Orpheus tried to use blood as components to summon Salem *outside* of the Brick. He was successful, but... we all know how that ended.

**Speculations:**
- Kaiser likely rules Eastern Riverbed.
	- I think this because both guards on the Bridge connecting East, West, *and* leading towards the [[3. Locations/Buildings-Landmarks/Giant Mouse Statue of Ilmater|Giant Mouse Statue of Ilmater]], said: *"We're under strict orders from **both Father Jonathan AND Kaiser** not to let people into the statue."*
	- Western and Eastern Riverbed also have very different cultures. Eastern Riverbed seems to be a *party town*, regardless of when it's time for payer. At least, that's what it seems like.
	- This is such an easy theory to prove or disprove tbh, literally all we have to do is ask one single person "Who is Kaiser?" LOL
- [[2. Mysteries/Father Jonathan|Father Jonathan]] and [[2. Mysteries/'Ghostly' Figure|'Ghostly' Figure]] are one in the same.
	- If not, then they must be working together if what Idane said is true.
	- Unless... the Figure is actually Kaiser LOL. Frick.
- The personal belongings may have been taken as a way to *scry* us.
	- Or some other kind of voodoo-hoodoo, frankly.
