---
{"dg-publish":true,"dg-permalink":"sesh/09","permalink":"/sesh/09/"}
---

# Life and Limb
## summary:
... (To be Written)

---
 
## log:
Orpheus heads to the Feasting Field, gathering enough components to resummon Salem. He removes the obsidian gemstone from Salem's circlet and heads deeper into the cavern beneath Riverbed.

Syn & Bast head to Kaiser's Colosseum, through the Feasting Field. Eastern Riverside seems well-maintained on the Feasting Field, compared to Western.
- Almost a long forum, people discuss all sorts of things, including politics.
- 28 total senators, all 4 targets are senators.
	- Senators in a small village seems like overkill, especially *28.* Traditionally, Senators are representatives of the people and *should* be accessible to the people, via meetings etc. Typically contacted through a secretary who knowns their schedule better.

Bast and Syn pretend to be a traveling dignitary and her bodyguard, passing through to pay their respects and ask about the (fascinating) local politics. We gather information...
- **The Targets:**
	- ==All Senators that surround [[Lori Nadril\|Lori Nadril]]'s territory.==
	- Jon Oro: Southern merchant feasting field.
		- family crest: two fish cresting over into each other, singular rod betwixt them
		- description: older gentleman, deep wrinkles, white hair on a balding head, clean-shaven, yellow robes with black fur over shoulders
	- Ferro Clacks: halfling woman (guarded)
	- Adaine Blanche: half-elven woman (guarded)
	- ==Xan Jian'lashen: human man, black hair, *similar build to Emile* (unguarded)==
- Acquire a flyer with the addresses of every Senator.
- The secratary is chained to the desk in Jon Oro's office. Government work--at least for secretaries--appears to be an indentured service.

(Bast's full title is: *Sabast'e Oussand of Megwandiir Clan, Da'nos of the Fourth Eye*)

Emile, with Cassidy's help, manifests a phantom hand for a brief moment.

A luminescent fish swims into Lori's tent, brightens, then the light dissipates.

Julierose and Emile have a conversation RE: Julie's missing hand.

Orpheus heads deeper into the tunnels, at a crossroads, with the obsidian gemstone. [[Saur'barag the Obsidian\|Saur'barag]]'s eye briefly appears.

Orpheus makes contact with *something* and makes a pact. (Woo Warlock!) ==**Orpheus throws away the obsidian gemstone.**== (NOTE: James did an incredible job describing and voicing this whole encounter, holy shit. Truly captivating and terrifying, what a great treat to receive on Halloween.)

Bast asks Syn if it's possible to transplant someone's eyes. (It is, but requires a very dexterous hand to do so.) She then secures a room at the [[Torn Table\|Torn Table]]. A circular inn, circular tables, circular spire, etc. 1SP per day per room. They part ways, Syn heads back down to the [[Hidden Blade\|Hidden Blade]] hideout.

==Orpheus "restores" Julierose's hand. **It's skeletal now**==. He tries to do the same for Emile, but Syn gets in his way. The two have an altercation, Orpheus claiming this action counts as an apology, that he *"Fixed it"*, and Syn, mortified, repeatedly saying *"She didn't want that!"* 

In the end, Orpheus heads away, with Julierose following him. 

==*Orpheus then coughs up black sludge.*==