---
{"dg-publish":true,"dg-permalink":"sesh/10","permalink":"/sesh/10/","tags":["inbox"]}
---

# I Blade You Farewell Pt.1
## summary:
...

---

## log:
Julierose and Orpheus have a brief conversation RE: skeletal hand & Orpheus' emotional state.

Emile and Syn have a discussion RE: possibly restoring his appendages using a grisly sacrifice. Emile agrees to have the transplant.

Emile is sworn into the Hidden Blades, practicing his new movement using Cassidy's help.

Orpheus and Syn have a (terrible) conversation RE: teamwork, agency, etc. The two reach a contentious agreement to try and work as a team. (Wow these two are just total opposites and don't see eye-to-eye whatsoever.) There was a lot of verbal chess going on lol. Orpheus seemed hung up on morality, whereas Syn was more concerned about agency.

Bast relaxes at an inn and flirts with [[Ennui\|Ennui]] the Tiefling! (He drew a portrait of Bast!) (He's asking for a job opportunity, hearing Bast is a noble lmao.) (Wow he's laying it on thick.) (Bast is painted naked!!!!!!) Ennui is quite the talker. He asks about Bast's impressions of Western and Eastern Riverbed. Bast puts the moves on Ennui (who turns out to be married and objects) (but is persuaded to participate anyway) (oh god).

The group has a meeting with [[Lori Nadril\|Lori Nadril]]. Julierose is sworn in. The party agrees to help the [[Hidden Blade\|Hidden Blade]] usurp [[Kaiser\|Kaiser]] and [[2. Mysteries/Father Jonathan\|Father Jonathan]]. ==Kaiser and Jonathan must be dealt with before the next Fryg/next week.==

- [[Xan Jian'lashen\|Xan Jian'lashen]] hails from the [[Kunimi Throne\|Kunimi Throne]], which is known for their assassins and formidable warriors. #unsure 

The four targets--the Senators--==gather every Turin== for a secret game after the Colosseum. This might be the best time to pounce.

### Tentative Plans for Next Session:
##### Western Riverbed
- Orpheus, Emile, and Julierose go to acquire the archmage [[Idane Rumblegrove\|Idane Rumblegrove]]
- Orpheus confers with the alchemist he inquired with previously at the [[3. Locations/Buildings-Landmarks/Glass Alchemist\|Glass Alchemist]]
##### Eastern Riverbed
- Synadriel joins Bast as she searched for the blue tiefling [[Ennui\|Ennui]] via detect magic radar
- Success or not, they meet with Jon Oro; may reconvene with group beforehand
##### Optional
- get bear? 🐻